i
What happened to me just now?
That aromatherapy
It makes you lose your mind.
If I plan against you
Why am I still feeding you medicine?
I was drugged five years ago.
Lost my mind
Fortunately, I prepared this medicine
It came in handy today too.
Luckily you have medicine ready
Otherwise we
Oh, Mr. Gu, where did this aromatherapy come from?
Jiang Xue
Jiang Xue wants to seduce me with him
Aren't you boyfriend and girlfriend?
Five years ago, I was drugged.
It was Jiang Xue who helped me
So I made up for him
Let him be my nominal girlfriend
And gave him the position of director of clothing
Nominal girlfriend yes
I don't like him!
Are you Doudou Daddy?
Doudou
Who is he? He meant to deceive me.
Or does he look exactly like Daddy Doudou?
Gu Daodao, I know this child
His daddy looks exactly like you
I know Assistant Sun has told me
Also showed me the photo
It's really similar